Does big brother really not protect Ling'er?
Wherever Linger is
I won't let him get hurt in any way
Don't worry, I will arrange your itinerary immediately.
There will be no trouble when you are out of town.
It's not urgent
This time it's tricky.
Zhiqiang this old dog
I didn't expect him to be Mr. Long Xiaoyun
Give me all overseas accounts frozen
Even if we go out without a penny in the account
What to do then?
Big Brother Beard
I was going to
I want you to continue to manage the estate of the villa
But now it seems that we can only survive
Hope you understand
How many production stalls do you want to sell?
No.
All the stalls are sold.
I listen to you
Hello big brother
I've been checking hard recently.
I can't show up
You go and meet all the main departments now
Talk to them about it.
There is only one principle
Shoot as soon as possible understand
Why is Long Xiaoyun storing here?
Wind, I know you're awake
Stop pretending, get up
Oh, Dragon Four.
I'm a patient now, okay?
Need to rest
Why are you in such a hurry?
Remind me
Declare in advance.
I don't speak for the guards.
I came to visit purely out of personal reasons
What's the relationship?